Here is a Link to my tableau prfile

https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/moseis

Below are short descriptions of each dashboard followed by a story aobut each dataset

Videogame Analysis:
Given Critic Scores and sales naturally leads to exploring their coorelation. I show some of the basic trends of sales and scores to give ackground context of
the difficulty of the relationship. Most of the analysis comes in the dual graph with sales and rank on it. This is the main meat of the visualization showing
a fairly weak correlation between critic score and total sales. Finally I displaed the distribution of critic scored from all years to show how critic score follows
a fairly normal distribution as shown by the approximation below with skew factors a=3 and r = 9.2


The Video game insutry has been around for about 3 decades and a question asked thourghout all that time is: How do we sell more games?
A common answer given is "Make good games", but do good games actually sell better?
The first graph of sales show an overall increase in game sales from 1990 to 2008 and a drop off of sales afterwards. This is because the games made after 
2008 have not had as much time to sell those games and we would expect the graph to continue increasing as time progressed.
In contrast  is the Average critic score graph. It clearly shows that games get scored about the same year after year. Granted this
can be from the expectations increasing over those years as well, so Critic Score is more like how games compared to games of the previous year.
In the dual graph we can start to see a correlation between critic score and total sales. With and R-Squared score of .105 we can start to think there is a very weak
correlation between sales and critic score. This graph also only has the top 5000 games in terms of sales, when all games are accounted for the R-Squared drops to nearly 0.
So we can say there are sections of the data that beahve differently (games outside of the top 5000 are almost completly random, 500-5000 a small correllation but still
mostly random, and 1-500 there is a much stronger coeefecient of realtion, despite the varience increased due to the small data set)
Finally there are ther graphs of the distribution of all critic scores. This is expanded upon more in the "Meta Critic Ratings" Dashboard



Geological CO2 and Methane Dashboard:
Given total CO2 and Methane per country as well as per capita. There are two bar graphs showing the top 25 countries by total CO2 or Methane. I also ploted their 
CO2 and Methane per capita to show they did not follow the same trend. Moving to then Maps I Colored the country according to their total output and placed a marker
in each telling the emmissions per capita. I made the per capita change by size and color to better contrast the total respsective emmisions. I implemented this to show
that neither Total emmisions for emmisions per capita may be the best desriptor of the data. Implying a more sophisticated form of anlysis should be conducted.

tbc....
